Guys welcome back to my another video so brother in
today's video I am going to tell you
that the expensive insurance that you
take for your vehicles, will it be
useful in your real life too see
this is tata-aig does it exist
or not and what is the process
of Ekko general insurance,
before this I have made many videos in which
I have told you how you
can take insurance but today I will
tell you how to use insurance,
I have already made an insurance claim for a bike for
TVS Raider and
now how to take an insurance claim for vehicles,
you will learn that in this video
so without any delay brother let's go
brother where is the service center and
what is the process after going there, then I will tell
you that we have brought the car to the service center
and after coming there we have
shown it in the insurance section, as soon as you
take the car inside normally people will
ask what is the service, then that thing
we told that it is insurance, then they
said okay you park it on the side and take out all
your valuables from inside it
And get your
documents ready, the owner
needs these documents, I will
tell you what all documents are required, then
after this the vehicle was inspected and the
customer just registered inside it said that no, this was not such a thing before,
then why did you do this, then
after that this job card was ready,
after that they told that yes, yes these
documents will be required and after filling all the forms and
giving the vehicle to the service center, the
insurance advisor told us
that brother, you now leave the vehicle here and
after that you will get the vehicle after a week
and brother, we are leaving the vehicle here
and even before leaving, we had done
all its clipping, we had taken photos from all sides so that
tomorrow it does not happen that brother,
we get some major damage, we had
also taken photos of the engine but I will
not include that in it, the photos will become more
video length and all the videos,
that is, all the proofs should also be kept with you,
whatever documents were there, consider them by
WhatsApp2, but before that
I will tell you one small thing  Let me tell you,
as soon as we came from there, all the documentation was
complete, you saw it brother,
they said that it will take a week,
they
told us later what the documents were,
look, one Aadhar card, PAN card, RC
insurance, these make four, all these things have to be put by the
owner, the rest
you can put anyone's driving license, as
usual, like we had done it earlier also in the case of two wheelers,
which you will see in the TVS Reader
video, rest brother,
I had told you in TVS Raider that
it was from MS Chola Chola Mandalam, MS Chola
Mandalam company and in that
we got the bike after one and a half months, see,
two factors work in this, one is the
service center person and the other brother is the
insurance company, they
send their guy very quickly, he
inspects the damage, then he will pass the bill,
whatever the service center people would have made,
and as soon as the bill is passed, they will get the
car ready and give it to you,
okay, it does not take time to get the car ready,
now our experience has been from one side,
brother  I can't believe it,
we had delivered the car on Sunday. I thought
I would upload this video that day, the one
you saw in the clips above, but then I decided to
wait a bit and let the
conclusion be
known in one video as to what
happened. The windscreen was cracked.
If we had got the windscreen replaced externally,
like after-market, it would have
cost around Rs. 4500 to Rs. 5000. The
glass that was fitted was from Saint
Gobain, it also has a one-year
warranty, but a claim has to be made with the company, there are
issues all over the world. We had got a St.
Gobain glass fitted in this car.
I will provide the link to the video of that
below. There was insurance at that time as well,
but brother, it is the same thing that the
brother who owned the car did
not know at that time whether this was
covered or not, and many
things were new, so he did not know. There would be
many buyers among you
who would have their first car and those who did
not know, those who knew, they would know brother.
For them brother, there is nothing for them, there is
no video for them, for those who do not know, there
is a guide, you went to the showroom, we
deposited the car there, talked to the insurance people,
left the car at Coco and came back brother, they get
verification calls at least
three-four times asking what incident had happened
and how the glass broke, as usual the
car was parked in the sun, we had to go somewhere and
found the glass broken brother, they had given
insurance of about 6500 for Coco,
next day we get a call in the evening,
sir your car is ready, you can take it
brother, I am telling you literally that I got the
call on Monday night and as soon as I got the call on Monday night, it was
processed so fast, I
mean I have not even seen such a fast process of Bajaj, ICI Lord and all the
big joints that are inside it, I
mean I have
not seen such a service that it is so fast brother, get all the work done so quickly,
I will also put the part breakdown in the bill that was made, I will give you the
screenshot, whatever was inside it from our
pocket, I mean whatever was inside my friend's pocket,
09 are lying there  And the
payment made by the company there was
8637 and brother as soon as we went to take the car, that
means the next day I was not able to go, then I moved the
video further here, the
conclusion is that brother, he has paid ₹10,
and the total bill was 09 and
8637, these people had to pay and brother, the
payment was made by one person on Monday itself, so that
brother went on Tuesday morning
and brought the car in the morning,
what kind of glass is installed inside the car,
brother, it is of TA, fit and finish is super, so
brother, that means one brother seems to be passing in terms of service
and this was a small claim,
rest see, there is one more benefit of this,
like the brother who took his insurance, he had
taken insurance of 6500 and the
total bill in it was of 99500, so brother,
he got an indirect benefit,
no one will give you the glass for 9, so brother,
insurance is for these very things
and whenever you take insurance, first of all
check that in my insurance
What are the covers and how much percentage will I get on which thing,
okay, like there are some things, there are
50% on them, there are some things
which are charged on var off and depreciation,
so everything is different, but
yes, if you have paid the insurance money on time, then
brother, you should take that full claim of your insurance,
this was the video, the
entire service at Ekko General Insurance is
number one and the customer, their
customer representative, is also there, there is
no paid promotion, brother, the one that was live in front of you, I had a
car on Sunday, I get a call on Monday,
take it at night, but I brought it in the morning, that
means brother, I brought it in the morning, and in the video,
I would like to tell you that
you will
not be able to compare the general insurance with Policy Bazaar because there is
no option of Ekko in Policy Bazaar, it
works on its own website and its own app, same, but there is Digit,
your Digit will be available on Policy Bazaar,
what kind of service is Digit, so brother, if anyone
in my friend circle has a Digit, there must be
someone  If the person has to take a claim then
I will upload the video quickly, the rest
brother, we are successful in this matter, what do you
mean, have you had experience with this,
please tell me in the comment section and brother, if there is a
video on insurance, if it is useful to you then
definitely subscribe to the channel and like it,
you will
find all the videos related to insurance in the description box, bike insurance
claim services and yes, brother,
one more thing also works in this, brother,
I have told you this about the insurance company, the
second factor works in this, that is,
how quickly your service center works, brother, I am telling you literally,
people all over the world keep abusing that the
service of this company is like this, like that, like that, have
you understood about TA Motors
that brother, I did this to me, I did that,
brother, it is area based, so
brother, we had an option, there was Peeragarhi near our house, there is
Rawat Motors in Peeragarhi
and as many times we got the services done,
everything was done, the people here are good, there is no
problem and  The person who was preparing the insurance file was
also telling about their track record in insurance claims
that our track
record is quite good, you can check it, you will
see it when you take the service. And
what else did they do, they did the work quickly, there are no
hidden charges, nothing was
stolen from the car,
we got the car as it was given to us and they
also try to add a little extra touch,
so I liked this thing, as for the rest of your
service issue, there will be
differences from area to area,
if someone is living in a metro city, there is a lot of
public there,
cars are coming in bulk, then
you will get less complaints at that service center,
what happens in remote locations, cars are coming less
or at least they are coming, there are locals there
and local means something like that, so they may be a
little reluctant in doing the work, they
know that even if the matter goes to the authorities, they are
their own person and will handle it, so
these problems arise there, like in metro.  There are
less problems within the cities itself, so
brother our experience with TVS was good, there was no
problem in this, so these
two factors are how
quickly the showroom responds and
how quickly your insurance people respond,
in the case of TVS two wheeler, in our
area of ​​KK TVS, brother, in that, brother the
showroom people immediately got the file, sorry the
workshop people had immediately prepared the file,
but what happened in that, the surveyor is coming and going,
things from all over the world, so whenever you buy a new
car or bike, at
that time they charge you a little, this is your
money, so in this, the company
sticks you the insurance of any company,
now this brother with MS Chola, this was
given to that company, some companies
give it to some, some companies give it to some, so you
prefer the top notch companies, the top
private companies whose claim settlement
rate is fast, opt for them, brother
tell me the quote of this company, how much is this company
giving, there will not be much difference,
I guarantee this thing, you take that one on the new car
so that later  If you ever have to make a claim, I will keep
you tension free. I will make this
video and hope that you found the video informative. If you found it
informative, then subscribe to the channel and
like the video. Till then,
Jai Hind and Vande Mataram.